Welcome Linux people to the 10th anniversary of Cyber Security! On this image, you will be tasked with protecting the valuable secret plans that the Leadership Team has been crafting to make this a HUGE year. The difficulty of tasks ranges from 'baby's first steps' to 'what the heck am I doing.' This image will be used as a reference to see how your knowledge of Linux security has progressed. Put forth your best effort, but don't be ashamed if you can't get everything.

The virtual machine you are operating on is currently running Ubuntu 16. It has been decided by the council of Linux training leads (myself) that 16 is a stupid number and 18 is far superior. Please update this OS of this image to Ubuntu 18.04.5. However, you are still expected to configure the image to never notify the user of a new version of Ubuntu once this is completed.

The use of hacking tools on this machine is strictly prohibited as it has been stated by Justin Tony that; "I cannot believe how incredibly stupid hacking tools are. I mean rock-hard stupid. Dehydrated-rock-hard stupid. Stupid so stupid that it goes way beyond the stupid we know into a whole different dimension of stupid. Hacking tools are trans-stupid stupid. Meta-stupid. Stupid collapsed on itself so far that even the neutrons have collapsed. Stupid gotten so dense that no intellect can escape. Singularity stupid. Blazing hot mid-day sun on mercury stupid. Hacking tools emit more stupid on one second than our entire galaxy emits in one year. Quasar stupid. Nothing on our universe can really be this stupid. Perhaps this is some primordial fragment from the original Big Bang of stupid. Some pure essence of a stupid so uncontaminated by anything else as to be beyond the laws of physics that we know. I’m sorry. I can’t go on. This is the epiphany of stupid for me. After this, you may not hear from me again for a while. I don’t have enough strength left to deride hacking tools or any of the rest of the drivel caused by stupid stupid hacking tools. tldr: disable hacking tools." - 7:04 P.M., August 8th, 2021.

The Leadership team has been using SSH but is concerned that it is not properly configured. Please ensure that OpenSSH is using the most secure configurations. LBC2 is currently undergoing construction and the team has been using the LAMP stack to set it up. Apache2, mySQL, and PHP should all be secured so that there are no cheaters on competition day. (Cheating is also bad, just ask Justin.) We expect all users to have secure passwords, but the user 'cyber' may keep their password as 'cyber'.

Authorized Admins:

cyber:cyber
aterry:Hehe,ye@h...
shoeman:S3cr3t
joneill:https://www.tiktok.com/@joehasmemes

Standard Users:

rocky:meadows
theguy: 

